---
title: How to use
description: Context for why this website exists
---
## Welcome!

Hello there, I'm, Leo! Welcome to my cognitive playground, or as I like to call it, my "brain-dump". 

This website acts as a repository of my thoughts, curated for myself, with a goal to improve my understanding and develop interconnected insights.

Now, if you've come across the concept of [[evergreen-notes]], then this website may seem familiar. In a nutshell, evergreen notes are a collection of atomic, concept-oriented notes that have strong interconnections (via hyperlinking) designed to evolve alongside you over time.

This website represents the next iteration in fine-tuning [[my-learning-process]]. It's a growing, integrated network of my thoughts. Will it work out? Who knows... But as a wise man once said... "F*** it," we ball 🏀

## Navigating the Site

I follow the philosophy of [[allow-structure-to-emerge-organically]] to guide this site's design. All of the notes are under a single autogenerated folder called Notes. That being said, most notes typically fall into 2 categories.
1. **Outline notes**: Notes providing a broad overview of a concept, typically blended with evergreen notes
2. **Evergreen notes**: These are unique evergreen notes mentioned earlier on this page

I recommend using the search function to find specific information. Alternatively, you can close your eyes and click to see where you end up

----
## Attributions
- [Andy Matuschak](https://andymatuschak.org/): A researcher who's work has inspired the creation of this website. 